When your assignment is complete, please answer the questions in this text file and upload it to I-Learn.

1. Please provide the URL of your public GitHub repository. 

https://github.com/emrysblack/CS450

2. Briefly describe your overall approach to the task and highlight the most difficult part of this assignment.

I generalized my data handling to treat numbers and strings differently and used the distance formula to evaluate

3. Briefly describe how you handled the distance between nominal attributes.

equality, if they weren't the same I didn't care what value it was

4. Briefly describe your process for handling numeric data on different scales (i.e., normalizing).

I thought about going the z-index route, but I ended up just limiting the neighbors and found that actually kept pretty good accuracy

5. Describe your results for the Iris data set. (For example, what level of accuracy did you see for different values of K? How did your implementation compare to existing implementations?)

It fluctuated a little bit with different k, but it was neck and neck with the existing python implementation

6. Describe your results for the Car data set. (For example, what level of accuracy did you see for different values of K? How did your implementation compare to existing implementations?)

The python algorithm implementation couldn't even handle the data. Mine fared not as well as the iris data, but it held in the 80s for the car, which isn't way impressive, but did well enough

7. Describe anything you did to go above and beyond the minimum standard requirements.

I experimented with extra data sets, I just had to make sure the targets were attached to the end of the data when loading


8. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment:
A - Some attempt was made
B - Developing, but signficantly deficient
C - Slightly deficient, but still mostly adequate
D - Meets requirements
E - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements

93

9. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category.
I did everything I was asked and had fun with it and some other data sets

